State what the advantages of Virtual Machines are

There are many advantages of virtual machines, some of them include how fast they are to create and destroy. Because they are so easy to create and destroy, it is easy to create a virtual machine for a specific task and delete it when the task is completed. Another advantage to virtual machines is that Because virtual machines are controlled through software, virtualization systems are programmable. An API can be used to create, start, stop, modify, and destroy virtual machines. In addition to this Some virtualization systems permit a virtual machine to be moved between physical machines.  All of these advantages and more are reasons why VMs are used. 

State what the advantages of containers are

Containers have their own set of advantages including. Containers are very lightweight because they do not require an entire OS. They enable customers to be isolated from each other while still sharing physical machines. Rather than distributing software as a package, one can distribute a container that includes the software, and everything needed for it to run. This container can be created once and run on many systems. Lastly because self-contained, containers eliminate dependencies and conflicts. Rather than shipping a software package plus a list of other dependent packages and system requirements, all that is needed is the standardized container and a system that supports the standard. 

You might use a physical machine instead of a virtual machine in a couple different situations. Firstly, the architecture of a virtual machine can be complex and so if you are looking to only run one server then there is no reason to have a VM. If you aren’t looking to complicate things by running multiple servers then the best option to use would be to run a physical server with significant hardware storage.  

The cloud has many ways it can aid microservices, companies such as amazon and AWS have done a lot in order to help how microservices have progressed over the years. Through using cloud microservices, the microservices are decentralized and so run-on different servers but are able to work together in order to work together for an application. This decoupling of different aspects of the microservice by having them on the cloud instead of in person allow changes to be made immediately and be pushed out to make changes. 

The fact that the microservices are on the cloud allow for a lot of benefits including flexibility, scalability and improved productivity and speed. All of these benefits allow faster deployment cycles and so greater productivity. The decoupling of the services means that it directly helps business. Because network architecture is made to benefit the business, cloud microservices are very business oriented. Due to all of the options that cloud microservices offer businesses are greatly benefitted. 
